GOOD EVENING EVERYONE AND
WELCOME TO A SPECIAL MEETING
OF THE CITY COUNCIL JANUARY
FIVE TWENTY TWENTY FOUR WHEN
OUR CLERK PLEASE READ THE ORDER
AND NOTICE OF CALL OF SPECIAL
SESSION
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN
THAT A SPECIAL SESSION OF THE
CITY COUNCIL WILL BE HELD ON
FRIDAY, JANUARY 5TH.
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR AT 12:00
P.M. IN THE CITY COUNCIL
CHAMBERS SECOND FLOOR THREE 01
EAST HERE ON ST. ANN ARBOR FOR
THE FOLLOWING PURPOSE
RESCHEDULING THE JANUARY 8TH
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR REGULAR
COUNCIL MEETING.
IF YOU PLEASE RISE AND JOIN US
FOR A MOMENT OF SILENCE POWERED
BY THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE
.
I ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND TO
THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT
STANDS ONE NATION UNDER GOD IN
THIS IS ALL WITH LIBERTY AND
JUSTICE FOR ALL BUT OUR CLERK
PLEASE CALL THE ROLE OF COUNSEL
COUNCIL MEMBER DESH ABSENT
COUNCILMAN HARRISON ABSENT
COUNCILMAN OUR SONG ABSENT
COUNCILMAN WATSON HERE COMES MY
RENDINA HERE COUNCILMAN HAD ONE
ABSENT MAYOR TAYLOR KEAR
CUSTOMER IRE HERE CUSTOMER
ACTION HERE A CUSTOMER BRIGGS
HERE COUNCILMAN CORNELL ABSENT
WE HAVE A QUORUM WE HAVE A
MOTION PLEASE TO APPROVE THE
AGENDA MOVE BY COUNCIL MEMBER
WATSON MY COUNCIL MEMBER
OF DENHA A DISCUSSION OF THE
AGENDA WHATEVER PROPOSED THE
AGENDA IS APPROVED DC ONE
RESOLUTION TO REVISE THE TWENTY
TWENTY FOUR COUNCIL CALENDAR
MOVE BY COUNCILMAN BRIGGS AND
BY HILLSBOROUGH, IA DISCUSSION
OF DC ONE WELL FAVOR POSED DC
ON ITS APPROVED.
WE NOW COME TO PUBLIC COMMENT
GENERAL TIME PUBLIC IN GENERAL
TERMS AN OPPORTUNITY FOR
MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC TO SPEAK
TO COUNCIL COMMITTEE ABOUT
MATTERS MUNICIPAL INTEREST TO
SPEAK OF PUBLIC COMMENT GENERAL
TIME ONE NEED NOT HAVE SIGNED
UP ADVANCE SPEAKERS IN ALL
INSTANCES WELL THREE MINUTES IN
WHICH TO SPEAK.
SO PLEASE PAY CLOSE ATTENTION
TO THE TIME OUR CLERK WILL
NOTIFY YOU IN THIRTY SECONDS
REMAINING AND WHEN YOUR TIME
HAS EXPIRED WHEN YOUR TIME HAS
EXPIRED PLEASE CONCLUDE REMARKS
AND CEDE THE FLOOR.
IS THERE ANYONE WHO'D LIKE TO
SPEAK AT PUBLIC COMMENT?
YES MY NAME IS BLAINE COLEMAN.
I SPEAK FOR MYSELF AND NO ONE
ELSE.
I'M GOING TO TAKE A MOMENT
OF SILENCE OUT OF RESPECT, OUT
OF RESPECT FOR THE PALESTINIAN
PEOPLE WHO ARE UNDERGOING A
GENOCIDE CARRIED OUT BY THE
ISRAELI GOVERNMENT AND
SUPPORTED FORCE FULLY BY THE
ANN ARBOR CITY COUNCIL NOT ONLY
NOT ONLY FINANCIALLY BUT
POLITICALLY WHAT I SAY RESPECT
I MEAN STOP BOMBING THE
PALESTINIAN PEOPLE
ALWAYS
THANK
YOU
.
HELLO, MY NAME IS DR. MOJGAN
SUBURBIA'S HONEY AND OUR CITY
COUNCIL IS COMPOSED OF A BUNCH
OF PEOPLE WHO HAVE IN MANY WAYS
FOR THE PAST 20 SOME ODD YEARS
PROTECTED THE GENOCIDAL STATE
OF ISRAEL.
ISRAEL IS COMMITTING THE CRIME
OF THE MILLENNIA.
OVER TWENTY TWO THOUSAND PEOPLE
ARE DEAD OUT OF TWO AND A HALF
MILLION COUNTS OF HOW MANY
CHILDREN ARE DEAD THERE IS
BETWEEN FIVE TO EIGHT THOUSAND
CHILDREN AND ON THE CITY
COUNCIL WE HAVE PEOPLE WHO GIVE
US CROCODILE TEARS ABOUT
PALESTINIANS BUT DO NOTHING
ABOUT IT.
WE HAVE PEOPLE HERE WHO REPEAT
THE LIVES OF ZIONISTS IN HIS
CHAMBERS THAT IS MISS BRIGGS
OVER THERE AND THEY CONTINUE TO
PERPETUATE THESE LIES WE HAVE
HERE PEOPLE LIKE HIS OWNER WHO
ACCEPT CAMPAIGN DONATION FROM
OLD FRIENDS OF ISRAEL DEFENSE
FORCES.
WE HAVE A MAYOR HERE WHO AT THE
TIME OF THE GENOCIDE GOES TO A
ZIONIST MEETING AND PRAYS FOR
THE MOST GENOCIDAL STATE
OF ISRAEL.
THAT'S THE COLLECTION WE HAVE
HERE AND THE RESULT IS A
THOUSAND PALESTINIANS ARE
DEAD TO THIS DAY.
IT'S THREE MONTHS ALMOST A FEW
DAYS TO THREE MONTHS TO BE
GOING ON AND THIS GROUP HAS
DONE NOTHING, HAS PRODUCED
NOTHING.
THEY ARE THEY ARE DEAD THEIR
FEET THEY CONTINUE TO
DRAG
THEIR FEET.
THEY SUPPORT THIS GENOCIDE.
NO ACTIONS HAVE TO SAY YOU HAVE
TO STOP THIS GENOCIDE.
YOU HAVE TO STOP THIS MADNESS
OF THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
AND ISRAELI GOVERNMENT THIS IF
IT GOES OUT OF HAND, IT WILL BE
A WAR THAT THE U.S. WILL AGAIN
BE SHAMED FOR DECADES.
WE NEED TO STOP THIS GENOCIDE.
YOU NEED TO RESOLUTION
IMMEDIATELY SAYING STOP THE
MASSACRE OF PALESTINIANS, NO
MILITARY AID TO ISRAEL AND STOP
THE BARBARIC BRUTAL SIEGE
OF GAZA THAT HAS BEEN UNDER
ISRAELI SIEGE FOR ALMOST TEN
YEARS.
NO FOOD, NO PEOPLE STARVING.
PEOPLE HAVE NO WATER TO DRINK.
THEY ARE STARVING TO DEATH.
UNITED SAYS THAT AND YOU HAVE
SAT HERE AND STOOD AT ME FOR
TWENTY TWO YEARS AND HAVE DONE
NOTHING ABOUT IT.
THAT IS WHO YOU ARE AND YOUR
MASKS OF PROGRESSIVE HAS
COMPLETELY BEEN TAKEN OFF
OF YOU.
THANK YOU FOR TELLING THE
PALESTINIAN PEOPLE MILITARY AID
TO THE ZIONIST NAZI STATE
OF ISRAEL FOR THE PEOPLE WHO
ARE TERRORISTS.
THANK YOU.
AND THE I DO APPRECIATE IT.
RACISME.
THANK YOU.
THANK ME AGAIN.
RACISME.
I CAN KATHY GRISWOLD, HAPPY NEW
THANK ME AGAIN.
YEAR.
I CAN KATHY GRISWOLD, HAPPY NEW
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR MARKS THIRTY
YEAR.
YEARS THAT I HAVE BEEN WORKING
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR MARKS THIRTY
ON PEDESTRIAN SAFETY I FOUND IN
YEARS THAT I HAVE BEEN WORKING
MY FILE A MEMO THAT I HAD
ON PEDESTRIAN SAFETY I FOUND IN
WRITTEN IN NINETEEN NINETY FOUR
MY FILE A MEMO THAT I HAD
REQUESTING A SIDEWALK.
WRITTEN IN NINETEEN NINETY FOUR
WHAT I WOULD LIKE TO DO THIS
REQUESTING A SIDEWALK.
YEAR IS FOCUS ON SOLUTIONS.
WHAT I WOULD LIKE TO DO THIS
WHILE I'M NOT A COUNCIL MEMBER
YEAR IS FOCUS ON SOLUTIONS.
I'M NOT A POLICY MAKER.
WHILE I'M NOT A COUNCIL MEMBER
I SEE A REAL LACK OF LEADERSHIP
I'M NOT A POLICY MAKER.
AND GENERAL KNOWLEDGE WITHIN
I SEE A REAL LACK OF LEADERSHIP
THE CITY.
AND GENERAL KNOWLEDGE WITHIN
EVERYONE IS AN EXPERT IN ONE
THE CITY.
AREA OR MAYBE A COUPLE OF AREAS
EVERYONE IS AN EXPERT IN ONE
BUT THEY'RE NOT AN EXPERT IN
AREA OR MAYBE A COUPLE OF AREAS
EVERY AREA AND IT'S VERY, VERY
BUT THEY'RE NOT AN EXPERT IN
IMPORTANT THAT WE LOOK TOWARDS
EVERY AREA AND IT'S VERY, VERY
EXPERTS AND I'LL GIVE YOU A
IMPORTANT THAT WE LOOK TOWARDS
COUPLE OF EXAMPLES.
EXPERTS AND I'LL GIVE YOU A
NUMBER ONE, WE NEED A POLICY
COUPLE OF EXAMPLES.
FOR VISIBILITY AND WHAT I MEAN
NUMBER ONE, WE NEED A POLICY
THEY'RE NOT ONLY FOR
FOR VISIBILITY AND WHAT I MEAN
ILLUMINATION AND LIGHTING IS
THEY'RE NOT ONLY FOR
EXTREMELY COMPLICATED THESE
ILLUMINATION AND LIGHTING IS
DAYS BUT ALSO FOR OBJECTS
EXTREMELY COMPLICATED THESE
BLOCKING VISIBILITY AND I'M
DAYS BUT ALSO FOR OBJECTS
PRIMARILY REFERRING TO IN THE
BLOCKING VISIBILITY AND I'M
PUBLIC RIGHT OF WAY FOR A
PRIMARILY REFERRING TO IN THE
PEDESTRIAN AND CYCLISTS PEOPLE
PUBLIC RIGHT OF WAY FOR A
ON SCOOTERS AS WELL AS PEOPLE
PEDESTRIAN AND CYCLISTS PEOPLE
VEHICLES.
ON SCOOTERS AS WELL AS PEOPLE
SO WHAT WE NEED TO DO IS HAVE A
VEHICLES.
CANTOPOP POLICY THAT COMES UP
SO WHAT WE NEED TO DO IS HAVE A
THROUGH THE TRANSPORTATION
CANTOPOP POLICY THAT COMES UP
COMMISSION AND I ADDRESS THIS
THROUGH THE TRANSPORTATION
AT THE LAST TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION AND I ADDRESS THIS
COMMISSION.
AT THE LAST TRANSPORTATION
I TAKE SOME RESPONSIBILITY FOR
COMMISSION.
10 YEARS WE HAD A MORATORIUM ON
I TAKE SOME RESPONSIBILITY FOR
STREET LIGHTS SO I WAS FOCUSED
10 YEARS WE HAD A MORATORIUM ON
ON TRYING TO LIFT THAT
STREET LIGHTS SO I WAS FOCUSED
MORATORIUM THINKING THAT
ON TRYING TO LIFT THAT
CORRECTIVE ACTION WOULD BE
MORATORIUM THINKING THAT
TAKEN BUT IT HASN'T BEEN TAKEN
CORRECTIVE ACTION WOULD BE
.
TAKEN BUT IT HASN'T BEEN TAKEN
AND NOW WE HAVE A SURVEY ASKING
.
PEOPLE WHAT LEVEL OF LED
AND NOW WE HAVE A SURVEY ASKING
LIGHTING THEY WANT AND WITH A
PEOPLE WHAT LEVEL OF LED
STATEMENT ABOUT LIGHT POLLUTION
LIGHTING THEY WANT AND WITH A
WE KNOW THAT WE CAN CONTROL AND
STATEMENT ABOUT LIGHT POLLUTION
MINIMIZE LIGHT POLLUTION BY
WE KNOW THAT WE CAN CONTROL AND
PUTTING HOODS ON LIGHTS.
MINIMIZE LIGHT POLLUTION BY
THAT'S THAT'S NOT A SURVEY
PUTTING HOODS ON LIGHTS.
ISSUE.
THAT'S THAT'S NOT A SURVEY
IT IS AN EXPERT ISSUE AND WE
ISSUE.
NEED TO ASK THE EXPERTS THAT
IT IS AN EXPERT ISSUE AND WE
NUMBER TWO, WE NEED TO BE
NEED TO ASK THE EXPERTS THAT
COORDINATING WITH THE ANN ARBOR
NUMBER TWO, WE NEED TO BE
PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
COORDINATING WITH THE ANN ARBOR
WE HAD A VERY EFFECTIVE AND A
PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
PUBLIC SCHOOL TRANSPORTATION
WE HAD A VERY EFFECTIVE AND A
SAFETY COMMITTEE FOR ALMOST TWO
PUBLIC SCHOOL TRANSPORTATION
DECADES AND THAT HAS GONE OUR
SAFETY COMMITTEE FOR ALMOST TWO
WAY AND NOW WE HAVE FALSE
DECADES AND THAT HAS GONE OUR
STATEMENTS BEING MADE.
WAY AND NOW WE HAVE FALSE
KING'S SCHOOL HAS FIVE MID
STATEMENTS BEING MADE.
BLOCK CROSSWALKS WITHIN HALF A
KING'S SCHOOL HAS FIVE MID
MILE.
BLOCK CROSSWALKS WITHIN HALF A
THEY NOW HAVE THREE DIFFERENT
MILE.
CONFIGURATIONS OF CROSSWALK
THEY NOW HAVE THREE DIFFERENT
SIGNS.
CONFIGURATIONS OF CROSSWALK
HOW IS ANYONE EVEN A CITIZEN
SIGNS.
WHO'S BEEN HERE FOR THIRTY
HOW IS ANYONE EVEN A CITIZEN
YEARS TO UNDERSTAND WHAT TO DO
WHO'S BEEN HERE FOR THIRTY
WHEN THERE ARE THREE DIFFERENT
YEARS TO UNDERSTAND WHAT TO DO
VERSIONS OF SIGNS WE NEED TO
WHEN THERE ARE THREE DIFFERENT
STANDARDIZE THAT WE ALSO NEED
VERSIONS OF SIGNS WE NEED TO
TO BE PROACTIVE.
STANDARDIZE THAT WE ALSO NEED
WE NOW HAVE DICKINS SCHOOL
TO BE PROACTIVE.
STUDENTS WHO ARE CROSSING A
WE NOW HAVE DICKINS SCHOOL
DANGEROUS INTERSECTION ON SOUTH
STUDENTS WHO ARE CROSSING A
MAPLE ROAD AND WE DON'T HAVE AN
DANGEROUS INTERSECTION ON SOUTH
ADEQUATE SCHOOL CROSSWALK THERE
MAPLE ROAD AND WE DON'T HAVE AN
THAT MEETS OUR CROSSWALK DESIGN
ADEQUATE SCHOOL CROSSWALK THERE
GUIDELINES.
THAT MEETS OUR CROSSWALK DESIGN
SO IN THREE LETTERS FOCUS ON
GUIDELINES.
UNITY AND ON SOLUTIONS THIS
SO IN THREE LETTERS FOCUS ON
YEAR AND SEEKING EXPERT.
UNITY AND ON SOLUTIONS THIS
THANK YOU.
YEAR AND SEEKING EXPERT.
NO ONE ELSE IN HOUSE WOULD LIKE
THANK YOU.
TO SPEAK AT PUBLIC COMMENT.
NO ONE ELSE IN HOUSE WOULD LIKE
IS THERE ANYONE ONLINE YOU'D
TO SPEAK AT PUBLIC COMMENT.
LIKE TO SPEAK TO PUBLIC COMMENT
IS THERE ANYONE ONLINE YOU'D
IF ANYONE ONLINE WOULD LIKE TO
LIKE TO SPEAK TO PUBLIC COMMENT
SPEAK PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE TO
IF ANYONE ONLINE WOULD LIKE TO
RAISE YOUR HAND MARY MARY I
SPEAK PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE TO
DON'T SEE ANY CALLERS ONLINE
RAISE YOUR HAND MARY MARY I
WITH THEIR HANDS UP
SEEN IN
PUBLIC COMMENT HIS CLOTHES ARE
THEIR COMMUNICATIONS FROM
COUNCIL MAY HAVE A MOTION TO
ADJOURN PLEASE MOVE BY
COUNCILMAN BRIGSTOCK, MY
CUSTOMER OUR DISCUSSION WILL
FAVOR POSED.
WE'RE ADJOURNED